 

November 1, 2012 

HiSoft Technology (HSFT), VanceInfo Technologies (VIT): Pre-announcement of Q3 and Limited Upside in the Short-run 

Please see the last page for Important Disclosures 

HiSoft Technology (HSFT), VanceInfo Technologies (VIT)                               Jun Zhang 303.476.5908                   

Pre-announcement of Q3 and Limited Upside in the Short-run 

  Pre-announcement eases some concerns over the merger and margins. We think there is some upside after a stable Q3 

and Q4 announcement. 

  We don’t see sustainable margin improvement evidence and believe it might take additional one or two quarters to judge 

if the merger was successful.  

  We are still positive on the new company in the longer-term, if merger is successful.  

VanceInfo and HiSoft pre-announced Q3 earnings yesterday and reaffirmed their full-year guidance. VanceInfo’s Q3 results and 
Q4 guidance were largely in-line with street consensus. HiSoft’s Q3 results were in-line, and they guided slightly above street for 
the Q4.  

We think IT outsourcing demand is fairly strong, unaffected by a weaker macro economy in China. We think expanding the 
financial IT outsourcing benefits both companies. The major concern on VanceInfo was whether the consensus reflected the 
weakness from Huawei and Nokia and contracts lost during the merger. The reaffirmation of guidance indicates that everything is 
on track now for VanceInfo.  It seems the strained China-Japan relationship did not affect HiSoft greatly on their Japanese 
outsourcing business.  

We think the reaffirmation of earnings and guidance eases investors’ concerns on further declining  margins, China macro’s 
impacts, and unexpected events during the firms’ merger.  

We think there will be some upside, as margins appear to be recovering slightly in the 2H and the merger seems to be moving 
smoothly. However, we think a wait-and-see sentiment is still there and believe it will still take another 2-3 quarters to see if the 
merger was successful and if margin improvement is sustainable.  

We think the main issues to look at for the next two quarters are: 

 

 

If financial IT is growing fast enough to offset business lost from Huawei and Nokia.  

If gross margin and operating margin are improving sustainably.  

  No large talent lost during the merger and no negative reactions from major clients.  

We are still positive on the long-term trend of the China outsourcing industry. We think the increasing IT talent pool and shrinking 
gap between China IT outsourcing players and India competitors will help China gain more market share in the global IT 
outsourcing market. Besides, the unstable Indian economy and high inflation will offset some of their advantage in IT outsourcing.  

 

1 

 

INDUSTRY ANALYSTS 
Kirk Adams 
Brian Blair 
Martin Pyykkonen 
Jun Zhang 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

303.476.5933 
212.888.6601 
303.476.5919 
303.476.5908 

 
 
 
 

Director of Research, Software and Consumer Electronics 
Consumer Electronics, Semiconductors, and Gaming 
Internet, Media and Entertainment  
China Telecom and IT 

Wedge Partners, 5251 DTC Parkway, Suite 925, Greenwood Village, CO 80111 

Important Disclosures 
 
Ownership & Material Conflicts of Interest: Wedge Securities LLC (the "Firm"); its affiliates (Wedge Partners Corporation); its employees, Research Analysts or 
members of their families or households (the "Affiliated Entities") may own less than 1% of registered or non-registered securities, options, rights, warrants or futures on 
any such security the company featured in this report (the "Company"). The Firm may trade in its accounts of its customers.  
 
Compensation: The research analyst who authored this report (the "Analyst") does not receive compensation based on the Firm's investment banking revenues or 
from the Company and has not done so for the past twelve months. The Firm does not have any investment banking relationship with the Company. As such, the firm 
has not received compensation for investment banking activities in the past twelve months and does not expect to receive compensation for investment banking 
activities in the next 3 months. The Firm and its Affiliated Entities do not have a consulting or other revenue-generating relationship with the Company in the last twelve 
months.  
 
Position as Officer/Director: The Analyst does not serve as an officer, director, or advisory board member of the Company. The same is true for members of the 
Analyst's household.  
 
Meaning and Distribution of Ratings: The Firm does not publish ratings on covered companies.  
 
Price Chart: The Firm does not publish price charts on covered companies.  
 
Price Targets: The Firm does not publish price targets on covered companies.  
 
Market Making: The Firm does not make markets in any securities. 
 
Other Disclosures: All the views expressed in the research report accurately reflect the research analyst's personal views about any and all of the subject securities or 
issuers and no part of the research analyst's compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations, valuations, or views 
expressed by the research analyst in the research report.  
  
The information contained in this report is not a complete analysis of every material fact with respect to any company. industry or securities and is not an offer or 
solicitation to buy or sell any security. Although opinions and estimates expressed in this report reflect the current judgment of the Firm, the information upon which 
such opinions and estimates are based is not necessarily updated on a regular basis.  
  
Estimates are not reviewed on a regular basis. In addition, opinions and estimates are subject to change without notice. Each investor must make its own determination 
of the appropriateness of an investment in any securities referred to herein based on any legal, tax and accounting considerations applicable to such investor and its 
own investment strategy.  
  
By virtue of this publication, Wedge Partners, Wedge Securities LLC or their employees shall not be responsible for any investment decision. The Firm from time to 
time may perform corporate finance services for companies mentioned in this report and may occasionally possess material, nonpublic information regarding such 
companies.  
  
This information is not used in the preparation of the opinions and estimates contained in this report. Facts and the other information contained in this report have been 
obtained from public sources considered reliable but are not guaranteed in any way. Wedge Partners and its employees are registered with Wedge Securities LLC, a 
registered Broker Dealer.    
 
This report may not be reproduced, distributed, or published without the prior consent of Wedge Partners Corp. Copyright © 2002-2012 All rights reserved by Wedge 
Partners Corp.  

2 

