Asia Pacific Equity Research
Nord Anglia Education (NORD US)
1QFY17 results – first take 

24 January 2017
Overweight
Price: $22.91
23 Jan 2017
Price Target: $25.00
PT End Date: 31 Dec 2017

Nord  Anglia  Education  (NAE)  operates  one  of  the  largest  networks  of  English  curriculum  premium  private 
schools globally. 1QFY17 was just slightly lower than our expectations and we don’t expect much of a reaction 
to these figures.

 Nord announced 1QFY17 (YE Aug) results with sales of $261m (up 7% Y/Y), adjusted EBITDA of $63.3m 
(down  3%  Y/Y)  and  adjusted  net  profit  of  $26m  (down  5%  Y/Y). These  three  key  financial  figures  were 
close to (<3% variance) our estimates. Sales growth would have been up 1.6% higher if not for a drag from 
currencies.

 GAAP  net  profit  of  US$39.4m  beat  our  estimate  by  a  large  margin  mainly  due  to  $14m  in  FX  gains on 
intercompany  balances  and  a  net  gain  of  $6m  on  FX  currency  swaps. Excluding  these  gains  (not  in  our 
estimates) adjusted net profit was just 3% lower than expected.

 Continued  weakness  in  currencies,  namely  Renminbi  and  Euro  are  the  key  risks  to  earnings  estimates  for 
FY17. We note that the negative impact of currencies in 1QFY17 may be less of a concern going forward as 
some currencies have stabilized and/or strengthened against the USD in 2QFY17.

 FY17 guidance for sales announced last November has not been amended in the 1QFY17 filings. Sales for 
FY17 are expected by management at (US$910-930m), adjusted EBITDA (US$207-217m) and adjusted NP 
(US$67-72m).

Table 1: 1QFY17 results review

QTR results results
Turnover
Gross profit
GPM
Adj EBITDA
Net profit
Adjusted net profit
Source: J.P. Morgan estimates. Company data

1Q16
244.0
96.0
39.3%
65.1
32.5
27.3

1Q17
261.0
97.1
29.9%
63.3
39.4
26.0

Growth
7%
1%

-3%
21%
-5%

1Q17E
261.3
99.6
29.9%
64.6
18.3
26.9

Variance
0%
-2%

-2%
116%
-3%

Completed     24 Jan 2017 09:19 PM HKTDisseminated 24 Jan 2017 09:20 PM HKTInvestment Thesis 
We believe NAE is well positioned to benefit from attractive dynamics in expat (or global citizen) growth trends, such as an 
historically high percentage of employees being relocated to other countries. We consider NAE to be a high-single to low 
double-digit organic growth company, with both healthy same-school growth and attractive greenfield opportunities. NAE 
has one of the largest (if not the largest) network of private schools all operating under a similar curriculum. There are 
significant economies of scale in terms of curriculum development, brand building and marketing and administration that 
can be achieved by NAE compared to single campus schools.

Valuation
Our Dec-17 price target is based on DCF valuation that assumes a market risk premium of 6.0% and a risk-free rate of 4.2% 
(yield on 10-year government notes in China). We assume a beta of 1.00. Accordingly, we assume a WACC of 8.2%. We 
estimate free cash flow until 2020 and assume a terminal growth rate of 3%. The ND/E level for NORD is still quite high 
and we are assuming long-term liabilities as a proportion of EV to be 40%. 

Risks to Rating and Price Target
If the global economy slows, companies may lower their commitments to global expansion, which will in turn impact the 
number of expats across various markets. NAE is one of the leaders in a very fragmented market. There are limited natural 
barriers to entry and new entrants can lower prices to attract students. While the company has a successful track record of 
over 20 acquisitions, 12 of the schools were acquired in 2013. While we have observed an impressive ability to integrate 
operations of these schools, execution issues might be a distraction to management.

SMID-Caps
Leon Chik, CFA AC
(852) 2800-8590
leon.hk.chik@jpmorgan.com
Bloomberg JPMA CHIK <GO>
Christine Wang
(852) 2800-8528
christine.wang@jpmorgan.com
J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited
www.jpmorganmarkets.com

Analyst Certification: The research analyst(s) denoted by an “AC” on the cover of this report certifies (or, where multiple research 
analysts are primarily responsible for this report, the research analyst denoted by an “AC” on the cover or within the document 
individually certifies, with respect to each security or issuer that the research analyst covers in this research) that: (1) all of the views 
expressed in this report accurately reflect his or her personal views about any and all of the subject securities or issuers; and (2) no part of 
any of the research analyst's compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views 
expressed by the research analyst(s) in this report. For all Korea-based research analysts listed on the front cover, they also certify, as per 
KOFIA requirements, that their analysis was made in good faith and that the views reflect their own opinion, without undue influence or 
intervention.
J.P. Morgan does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the 
firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single 
factor in making their investment decision.
Important Disclosures

  Market Maker/ Liquidity Provider: J.P. Morgan Securities plc and/or an affiliate is a market maker and/or liquidity provider in
securities issued by Nord Anglia Education.
  Other Significant Financial Interests: J.P. Morgan owns a position of 1 million USD or more in the debt securities of Nord Anglia 
Education.
Company-Specific Disclosures: Important disclosures, including price charts and credit opinion history tables, are available for 
compendium reports and all J.P. Morgan–covered companies by visiting https://jpmm.com/research/disclosures, calling 1-800-477-0406, 
or e-mailing research.disclosure.inquiries@jpmorgan.com with your request. J.P. Morgan’s Strategy, Technical, and Quantitative 
Research teams may screen companies not covered by J.P. Morgan. For important disclosures for these companies, please call 1-800-
477-0406 or e-mail research.disclosure.inquiries@jpmorgan.com.

Nord Anglia Education (NORD, NORD US) Price Chart

OW $33

OW $23

Date

Rating Share Price 

OW $24

OW $29

OW $27

OW $23

OW $23

OW $21

OW $25 OW $32

OW $22

OW $24 OW $25

Price($)

45

36

27

18

9

0

  

24-Apr-14 OW
17-Jul-14 OW
20-Nov-14 OW
09-Apr-15 OW
17-Apr-15 OW
28-Apr-15 OW
23-Jul-15 OW
13-Aug-15 OW
09-Sep-15 OW
04-Jan-16 OW
27-Jan-16 OW
09-Aug-16 OW
29-Nov-16 OW

($)
19.81
19.55
16.02
23.89
24.25
25.62
24.91
24.22
20.88
19.35
16.92
22.45
23.30

Price Target 
($)
23.00
24.00
21.00
25.00
29.00
33.00
32.00
27.00
23.00
22.00
23.00
24.00
25.00

Mar
14

Jun
14

Sep
14

Dec
14

Mar
15

Jun
15

Sep
15

Dec
15

Mar
16

Jun
16

Sep
16

Dec
16

Source: Bloomberg and J.P. Morgan; price data adjusted for stock splits and dividends.
Initiated coverage Apr 24, 2014.

The chart(s) show J.P. Morgan's continuing coverage of the stocks; the current analysts may or may not have covered it over the entire 
period. 
J.P. Morgan ratings or designations: OW = Overweight, N= Neutral, UW = Underweight, NR = Not Rated
Explanation of Equity Research Ratings, Designations and Analyst(s) Coverage Universe: 
J.P. Morgan uses the following rating system: Overweight [Over the next six to twelve months, we expect this stock will outperform the 
average total return of the stocks in the analyst’s (or the analyst’s team’s) coverage universe.] Neutral [Over the next six to twelve 
months, we expect this stock will perform in line with the average total return of the stocks in the analyst’s (or the analyst’s team’s) 
coverage universe.] Underweight [Over the next six to twelve months, we expect this stock will underperform the average total return of 
the stocks in the analyst’s (or the analyst’s team’s) coverage universe.] Not Rated (NR): J.P. Morgan has removed the rating and, if 
applicable, the price target, for this stock because of either a lack of a sufficient fundamental basis or for legal, regulatory or policy 
reasons. The previous rating and, if applicable, the price target, no longer should be relied upon. An NR designation is not a 
recommendation or a rating. In our Asia (ex-Australia) and U.K. small- and mid-cap equity research, each stock’s expected total return is 
compared to the expected total return of a benchmark country market index, not to those analysts’ coverage universe. If it does not appear 
in the Important Disclosures section of this report, the certifying analyst’s coverage universe can be found on J.P. Morgan’s research 
website, www.jpmorganmarkets.com. 
Coverage Universe: Chik, Leon: CAR Inc. (0699.HK), CP Pokphand Co., Ltd (0043.HK), China Lesso (2128.HK), China Lodging 
Group Limited (HTHT), China Maple Leaf Educational Systems Limited (1317.HK), China State Construction (3311.HK), China Travel 
International Investments HK Ltd (0308.HK), Fu Shou Yuan International (1448.HK), Fufeng Group (0546.HK), Genscript Biotech 

Corporation (1548.HK), Haitian International Holdings (1882.HK), Johnson Electric Holdings (0179.HK), Kingboard Chemical 
(0148.HK), Kingboard Laminates (1888.HK), Lee & Man Paper Manufacturing (2314.HK), New Oriental Education (EDU), Nine 
Dragons Paper Holdings Ltd (2689.HK), Nord Anglia Education (NORD), PAX Global Technology Ltd (0327.HK), Regina Miracle 
International Holdings Ltd (2199.HK), Shenzhou International (2313.HK), Skyworth Digital Holdings (0751.HK), TAL Education Group 
(TAL), TCL Multimedia (1070.HK), Techtronic Industries (0669.HK), Texhong Textile (2678.HK), VTech Holdings (0303.HK), 
Wasion Group Holdings Ltd (3393.HK), Xinyi Glass (0868.HK), Xinyi Solar (0968.HK), eHi Car Services Ltd (EHIC)

J.P. Morgan Equity Research Ratings Distribution, as of January 02, 2017

J.P. Morgan Global Equity Research Coverage

JPMS Equity Research Coverage

IB clients*

IB clients*

Overweight
(buy)
43%
52%
43%
67%

Neutral
(hold)
45%
48%
50%
61%

Underweight
(sell)
12%
34%
7%
43%

*Percentage of investment banking clients in each rating category.
For purposes only of FINRA/NYSE ratings distribution rules, our Overweight rating falls into a buy rating category; our Neutral rating falls into a hold 
rating category; and our Underweight rating falls into a sell rating category. Please note that stocks with an NR designation are not included in the table 
above.

Equity Valuation and Risks: For valuation methodology and risks associated with covered companies or price targets for covered 
companies, please see the most recent company-specific research report at http://www.jpmorganmarkets.com, contact the primary analyst 
or your J.P. Morgan representative, or email research.disclosure.inquiries@jpmorgan.com.
Equity Analysts' Compensation: The equity research analysts responsible for the preparation of this report receive compensation based 
upon various factors, including the quality and accuracy of research, client feedback, competitive factors, and overall firm revenues. 
Registration of non-US Analysts: Unless otherwise noted, the non-US analysts listed on the front of this report are employees of non-
US affiliates of JPMS, are not registered/qualified as research analysts under NASD/NYSE rules, may not be associated persons of 
JPMS, and may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2711 and NYSE Rule 472 restrictions on communications with covered companies, public 
appearances, and trading securities held by a research analyst account.
Other Disclosures 
J.P. Morgan ("JPM") is the global brand name for J.P. Morgan Securities LLC ("JPMS") and its affiliates worldwide. J.P. Morgan Cazenove is a 
marketing name for the U.K. investment banking businesses and EMEA cash equities and equity research businesses of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its 
subsidiaries.

All research reports made available to clients are simultaneously available on our client website, J.P. Morgan Markets. Not all research content is 
redistributed, e-mailed or made available to third-party aggregators. For all research reports available on a particular stock, please contact your sales 
representative.

Options related research: If the information contained herein regards options related research, such information is available only to persons who have 
received the proper option risk disclosure documents. For a copy of the Option Clearing Corporation's Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options, 
please contact your J.P. Morgan Representative or visit the OCC's website at http://www.optionsclearing.com/publications/risks/riskstoc.pdf 

Legal Entities Disclosures 
U.S.: JPMS is a member of NYSE, FINRA, SIPC and the NFA. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is a member of FDIC. U.K.: JPMorgan Chase N.A., London 
Branch, is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and to limited regulation by 
the Prudential Regulation Authority. Details about the extent of our regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority are available from J.P. Morgan on 
request. J.P. Morgan Securities plc (JPMS plc) is a member of the London Stock Exchange and is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and 
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Registered in England & Wales No. 2711006. Registered Office 25 
Bank Street, London, E14 5JP. South Africa: J.P. Morgan Equities South Africa Proprietary Limited is a member of the Johannesburg Securities 
Exchange and is regulated by the Financial Services Board. Hong Kong: J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited (CE number AAJ321) is regulated 
by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong and/or J.P. Morgan Broking (Hong Kong) Limited (CE 
number AAB027) is regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong. Korea: This material is issued and distributed in Korea by or 
through J.P. Morgan Securities (Far East) Limited, Seoul Branch, which is a member of the Korea Exchange(KRX) and is regulated by the Financial 
Services Commission (FSC) and the Financial Supervisory Service (FSS). Australia: J.P. Morgan Australia Limited (JPMAL) (ABN 52 002 888 011/AFS 
Licence No: 238188) is regulated by ASIC and J.P. Morgan Securities Australia Limited (JPMSAL) (ABN 61 003 245 234/AFS Licence No: 238066) is 
regulated by ASIC and is a Market, Clearing and Settlement Participant of ASX Limited and CHI-X. Taiwan: J.P.Morgan Securities (Taiwan) Limited is 
a participant of the Taiwan Stock Exchange (company-type) and regulated by the Taiwan Securities and Futures Bureau. India: J.P. Morgan India Private 
Limited (Corporate Identity Number - U67120MH1992FTC068724), having its registered office at J.P. Morgan Tower, Off. C.S.T. Road, Kalina, 
Santacruz - East, Mumbai – 400098, is registered with Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a ‘Research Analyst’ having registration number 
INH000001873. J.P. Morgan India Private Limited is also registered with SEBI as a member of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (SEBI 
Registration Number - INB 230675231/INF 230675231/INE 230675231) and Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (SEBI Registration Number - INB 
010675237/INF 010675237). Telephone: 91-22-6157 3000, Facsimile: 91-22-6157 3990 and Website: www.jpmipl.com. For non local research reports, 
this material is not distributed in India by J.P. Morgan India Private Limited. Thailand: This material is issued and distributed in Thailand by JPMorgan 
Securities (Thailand) Ltd., which is a member of the Stock Exchange of Thailand and is regulated by the Ministry of Finance and the Securities and 
Exchange Commission and its registered address is 3rd Floor, 20 North Sathorn Road, Silom, Bangrak, Bangkok 10500. Indonesia: PT J.P. Morgan 
Securities Indonesia is a member of the Indonesia Stock Exchange and is regulated by the OJK a.k.a. BAPEPAM LK. Philippines: J.P. Morgan Securities 
Philippines Inc. is a Trading Participant of the Philippine Stock Exchange and a member of the Securities Clearing Corporation of the Philippines and the 
Securities Investor Protection Fund. It is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Brazil: Banco J.P. Morgan S.A. is regulated by the 
Comissao de Valores Mobiliarios (CVM) and by the Central Bank of Brazil. Mexico: J.P. Morgan Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V., J.P. Morgan Grupo 
Financiero is a member of the Mexican Stock Exchange and authorized to act as a broker dealer by the National Banking and Securities Exchange 
Commission. Singapore: This material is issued and distributed in Singapore by or through J.P. Morgan Securities Singapore Private Limited (JPMSS) 
[MCI (P) 193/03/2016 and Co. Reg. No.: 199405335R], which is a member of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited and/or JPMorgan 

Chase Bank, N.A., Singapore branch (JPMCB Singapore) [MCI (P) 089/09/2016], both of which are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
This material is issued and distributed in Singapore only to accredited investors, expert investors and institutional investors, as defined in Section 4A of 
the Securities and Futures Act, Cap. 289 (SFA). This material is not intended to be issued or distributed to any retail investors or any other investors that 
do not fall into the classes of “accredited investors,” “expert investors” or “institutional investors,” as defined under Section 4A of the SFA. Recipients of 
this document are to contact JPMSS or JPMCB Singapore in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, the document. Japan: JPMorgan 
Securities Japan Co., Ltd. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Tokyo Branch are regulated by the Financial Services Agency in Japan. Malaysia: This 
material is issued and distributed in Malaysia by JPMorgan Securities (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd (18146-X) which is a Participating Organization of Bursa 
Malaysia Berhad and a holder of Capital Markets Services License issued by the Securities Commission in Malaysia. Pakistan: J. P. Morgan Pakistan 
Broking (Pvt.) Ltd is a member of the Karachi Stock Exchange and regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission of Pakistan. Saudi Arabia: J.P. 
Morgan Saudi Arabia Ltd. is authorized by the Capital Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (CMA) to carry out dealing as an agent, 
arranging, advising and custody, with respect to securities business under licence number 35-07079 and its registered address is at 8th Floor, Al-Faisaliyah 
Tower, King Fahad Road, P.O. Box 51907, Riyadh 11553, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Dubai: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Dubai Branch is regulated by 
the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) and its registered address is Dubai International Financial Centre - Building 3, Level 7, PO Box 506551, 
Dubai, UAE.

Country and Region Specific Disclosures 
U.K. and European Economic Area (EEA): Unless specified to the contrary, issued and approved for distribution in the U.K. and the EEA by JPMS plc. 
Investment research issued by JPMS plc has been prepared in accordance with JPMS plc's policies for managing conflicts of interest arising as a result of 
publication and distribution of investment research. Many European regulators require a firm to establish, implement and maintain such a policy. Further 
information about J.P. Morgan's conflict of interest policy and a description of the effective internal organisations and administrative arrangements set up 
for the prevention and avoidance of conflicts of interest is set out at the following link https://www.jpmorgan.com/jpmpdf/1320678075935.pdf. This report 
has been issued in the U.K. only to persons of a kind described in Article 19 (5), 38, 47 and 49 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial 
Promotion) Order 2005 (all such persons being referred to as "relevant persons"). This document must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not 
relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is only available to relevant persons and will be engaged in only 
with relevant persons. In other EEA countries, the report has been issued to persons regarded as professional investors (or equivalent) in their home 
jurisdiction. Australia: This material is issued and distributed by JPMSAL in Australia to "wholesale clients" only. This material does not take into 
account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of the recipient. The recipient of this material must not distribute it to any 
third party or outside Australia without the prior written consent of JPMSAL. For the purposes of this paragraph the term "wholesale client" has the 
meaning given in section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. Germany: This material is distributed in Germany by J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Frankfurt 
Branch which is regulated by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht. Hong Kong: The 1% ownership disclosure as of the previous month 
end satisfies the requirements under Paragraph 16.5(a) of the Hong Kong Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed by or Registered with the Securities and 
Futures Commission. (For research published within the first ten days of the month, the disclosure may be based on the month end data from two months 
prior.) J.P. Morgan Broking (Hong Kong) Limited is the liquidity provider/market maker for derivative warrants, callable bull bear contracts and stock 
options listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. An updated list can be found on HKEx website: http://www.hkex.com.hk. Japan: There is a 
risk that a loss may occur due to a change in the price of the shares in the case of share trading, and that a loss may occur due to the exchange rate in the 
case of foreign share trading. In the case of share trading, JPMorgan Securities Japan Co., Ltd., will be receiving a brokerage fee and consumption tax 
(shouhizei) calculated by multiplying the executed price by the commission rate which was individually agreed between JPMorgan Securities Japan Co., 
Ltd., and the customer in advance. Financial Instruments Firms: JPMorgan Securities Japan Co., Ltd., Kanto Local Finance Bureau (kinsho) No. 82 
Participating Association / Japan Securities Dealers Association, The Financial Futures Association of Japan, Type II Financial Instruments Firms 
Association and Japan Investment Advisers Association. Korea: This report may have been edited or contributed to from time to time by affiliates of J.P. 
Morgan Securities (Far East) Limited, Seoul Branch. Singapore: As at the date of this report, JPMSS is a designated market maker for certain structured 
warrants listed on the Singapore Exchange where the underlying securities may be the securities discussed in this report. Arising from its role as 
designated market maker for such structured warrants, JPMSS may conduct hedging activities in respect of such underlying securities and hold or have an 
interest in such underlying securities as a result. The updated list of structured warrants for which JPMSS acts as designated market maker may be found 
on the website of the Singapore Exchange Limited: http://www.sgx.com.sg. In addition, JPMSS and/or its affiliates may also have an interest or holding in 
any of the securities discussed in this report – please see the Important Disclosures section above. For securities where the holding is 1% or greater, the 
holding may be found in the Important Disclosures section above. For all other securities mentioned in this report, JPMSS and/or its affiliates may have a 
holding of less than 1% in such securities and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in this report. Employees of JPMSS and/or its 
affiliates not involved in the preparation of this report may have investments in the securities (or derivatives of such securities) mentioned in this report 
and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in this report. Taiwan: This material is issued and distributed in Taiwan by J.P. Morgan 
Securities (Taiwan) Limited. According to Paragraph 2, Article 7-1 of Operational Regulations Governing Securities Firms Recommending Trades in 
Securities to Customers (as amended or supplemented) and/or other applicable laws or regulations, please note that the recipient of this material is not 
permitted to engage in any activities in connection with the material which may give rise to conflicts of interests, unless otherwise disclosed in the 
“Important Disclosures” in this material. India: For private circulation only, not for sale. Pakistan: For private circulation only, not for sale. New 
Zealand: This material is issued and distributed by JPMSAL in New Zealand only to persons whose principal business is the investment of money or 
who, in the course of and for the purposes of their business, habitually invest money. JPMSAL does not issue or distribute this material to members of "the 
public" as determined in accordance with section 3 of the Securities Act 1978. The recipient of this material must not distribute it to any third party or 
outside New Zealand without the prior written consent of JPMSAL. Canada: The information contained herein is not, and under no circumstances is to be 
construed as, a prospectus, an advertisement, a public offering, an offer to sell securities described herein, or solicitation of an offer to buy securities 
described herein, in Canada or any province or territory thereof. Any offer or sale of the securities described herein in Canada will be made only under an 
exemption from the requirements to file a prospectus with the relevant Canadian securities regulators and only by a dealer properly registered under 
applicable securities laws or, alternatively, pursuant to an exemption from the dealer registration requirement in the relevant province or territory of 
Canada in which such offer or sale is made. The information contained herein is under no circumstances to be construed as investment advice in any 
province or territory of Canada and is not tailored to the needs of the recipient. To the extent that the information contained herein references securities of 
an issuer incorporated, formed or created under the laws of Canada or a province or territory of Canada, any trades in such securities must be conducted 
through a dealer registered in Canada. No securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed judgment 
upon these materials, the information contained herein or the merits of the securities described herein, and any representation to the contrary is an offence. 
Dubai: This report has been issued to persons regarded as professional clients as defined under the DFSA rules. Brazil: Ombudsman J.P. Morgan: 0800-
7700847 / ouvidoria.jp.morgan@jpmorgan.com. 

General: Additional information is available upon request. Information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
or its affiliates and/or subsidiaries (collectively J.P. Morgan) do not warrant its completeness or accuracy except with respect to any disclosures relative to 
JPMS and/or its affiliates and the analyst's involvement with the issuer that is the subject of the research. All pricing is indicative as of the close of market 
for the securities discussed, unless otherwise stated. Opinions and estimates constitute our judgment as of the date of this material and are subject to 
change without notice. Past performance is not indicative of future results. This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale 
of any financial instrument. The opinions and recommendations herein do not take into account individual client circumstances, objectives, or needs and 
are not intended as recommendations of particular securities, financial instruments or strategies to particular clients. The recipient of this report must make 
its own independent decisions regarding any securities or financial instruments mentioned herein. JPMS distributes in the U.S. research published by non-

U.S. affiliates and accepts responsibility for its contents. Periodic updates may be provided on companies/industries based on company specific 
developments or announcements, market conditions or any other publicly available information. Clients should contact analysts and execute transactions 
through a J.P. Morgan subsidiary or affiliate in their home jurisdiction unless governing law permits otherwise. 

"Other Disclosures" last revised January 07, 2017. 
Copyright 2017 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved. This report or any portion hereof may not be reprinted, sold or 
redistributed without the written consent of J.P. Morgan. #$J&098$#*P

